Practice Questions
1. Why are functions advantageous to have in your programs?
Repetitive code can be grouped and executed multiple times without duplicating it

2. When does the code in a function execute: when the function is defined or when the function is called?
Called

3. What statement creates a function?
def

4. What is the difference between a function and a function call?
Functions are modules of code that accomplish a specific task
A function call passes an argument in a function

5. How many global scopes are there in a Python program? How many local scopes?
There is only one global scope, and it is created when your program begins
A local scope is created whenever a function is called. Any variables assigned in the function exist within the function’s local scope

6. What happens to variables in a local scope when the function call returns?
When the function returns, the local scope is destroyed, and these variables are forgotten.
The next time you call the function, the local variables will not remember the values stored in them from the last time the function was called.
Local variables are also stored in frame objects on the call stack.

7. What is a return value? Can a return value be part of an expression?
Return value is the value that a function call evaluates to. When an expression is used with a return statement, the return value is what this expression evaluates to.

8. If a function does not have a return statement, what is the return value of a call to that function?
 If you don't explicitly use a return value in a return statement, or if you totally omit the return statement, then Python will implicitly return a default value for you.
 That default return value will always be None.

9. How can you force a variable in a function to refer to the global variable?
If you need to modify a global variable from within a function, use the global statement.
If you have a line such as global eggs at the top of a function, it tells Python, “In this function, eggs refers to the global variable, so don’t create a local variable with this name.”

10. What is the data type of None?
NoneType

11. What does the import areallyourpetsnamederic statement do?
ModuleNotFoundError: No module named 'areallyourpetsnamederic'

12. If you had a function named bacon() in a module named spam, how would you call it after importing spam?
#spam.py module file
def bacon():
    print('bacon!')

from spam import bacon
spam.bacon()

13. How can you prevent a program from crashing when it gets an error?
Errors can be handled with try and except statements. When code in a try clause causes an error, the program execution immediately moves to the code in the except clause.
After running that code, the execution continues as normal.

14. What goes in the try clause? What goes in the except clause?
The code that could potentially have an error is put in a try clause. The program execution moves to the start of a following except clause if an error happens.
